auto_mob_connectivity --> https://www.automotive-technology.com/articles/gaining-consumer-trust-in-car-connectivity
-------------------------
Presenters at the Connected Cars Europe 2017 conference in Brussels stressed that to ensure the connected car experience is successful, a solid infrastructure or ecosystem of all parties involved in the connected mobility service industry must be created.
But true automation is not just with one car, by itself, it means cars can connect to other cars around them.
So we have now come full circle back to the notion of consumers wanting to be able to rely on and trust the connected systems within their cars.
Currently, widely available connected car systems are more about flashy screens and less about functionality.
All of this car connectivity begs the question of what we really need in our cars.



auto_mob_connect_blog ---> https://blog.youngandceo.com/why-the-wright-brothers-did-not-need-money-for-success-2638c661d039
---------------------------
In this pursuit, one man, Samuel Pierpont Langley, had what we assume to be the recipe for success.
On top of that, everyone was rooting for him.
On top of that, he was a well respected American Astronomer and Physicist.
They had none of what we assume to be the recipe for success.
They had no money, neither of them had a college education, and the New York Times did not follow them around.


auto_manufacturing  --->  https://www.automotive-technology.com/articles/common-terminology-ushers-in-new-era-for-automotive-remanufacturing
---------------------
In conjunction with major organizations representing the international automotive remanufacturing industry, APRA has joined to agree on common and fundamental definitions for essential terms related to remanufacturing, following a meeting in Frankfurt, Germany on September 13th, 2016.
Remanufacturing is a standardized industrial process* by which cores are returned to same-as-new, or better, condition and performance.
A core is a previously sold, worn or non-functional product or part, intended for the remanufacturing process.

auto_manufacturing_blog  ---> https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/2020-vw-passat-prototype-first-drive-review/
------------------------
Power still comes from a 2.0-liter turbocharged inline-four engine with front-wheel drive standard.
The engine's 174 horsepower is unchanged from the current Passat, but torque output increases from 184 pound-feet to a healthier 207.
As before, a six-speed automatic transmission will handle shifting duties.
No other powertrains will be offered.
The Passat's V6 engine died for the 2019 model year.

auto_autoparts  ---> https://www.automotive-technology.com/articles/from-carbide-dies-to-automotive-platforms
------------------
The auto industry has long been on the cutting edge of manufacturing technology.
The end result of this is an industry wide increase in manufacturing productivity and capacity.
For example, GM or Toyota isn.t going to advance tool and die as quickly as the whole tool and die industry, they need to rely on the tool and die suppliers to advance their own craft and focus on designing and manufacturing better cars and trucks.
The earlier companies had to make up their own manufacturing processes.
Modern .next generation. manufacturing execution systems offer new levels of flexibility and agility in production, so the smaller car makers can emulate this type of production strategy without the multi-billion dollar investment it took to come up with these techniques in the first place.

auto_autoparts_blog_summ  ---> https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/toyota-prius-v8-racecar-super-gt-japan/
---------------------------
In Japan, the Super GT racing series takes production cars from predominantly Japanese domestic manufacturers and transforms them beyond almost all recognition into crazy looking racing cars.
The Prius race car you just didn't picture is actually taking part in the series lower-class GT300 series for the 2019 season and the video of it undergoing testing published Wednesday is getting our heart pumping.

auto_atnms_cmrcl_vehicle  --->  https://www.automotive-technology.com/articles/autonomous-commercial-vehicles
--------------------------
However, like many infrastructure dependent trends, the growth and acceptance of autonomous driving in commercial vehicles is different in developed economies of US & Europe as compared to emerging markets like India.
This reasoning makes complete sense as to why India’s Mahindra Group, the largest tractors producer globally, has started with R&D to develop autonomous commercial vehicles including driverless tractors.
“Autonomous commercial vehicles operating on public roads in India” is a concept that seems unrealistic for India but isn’t that what we thought about many technologies some 15 years ago.


auto_atnms_cmrcl_vehicle_blog  --->  https://www.cnet.com/roadshow/news/2019-chevy-silverado-1500-fuel-economy/
--------------------------------
As consumers of cars and trucks, we've gotten used to seeing fuel economy numbers go up every year like clockwork, even as we expect more power and torque and capability from our vehicles.
It's because of this that Chevy and GMC's light truck numbers going down for 2019 seemed like such a head-scratcher.The GM trucks' drop combined fuel economy was pointed out by everyone's favorite automotive sleuth and master of vehicular esoterica Bozi Tatarevic on Twitter on Friday, and like many of his discoveries, we found we had to dig deeper and find out why.
After all, Chevy did make a big deal out of the increased aerodynamic efficiency and reduced weight when it debuted the Silverado 1500 back in January, so what gives?

auto_engineering  ----> https://www.automotive-technology.com/articles/automotive-industry-to-gain-from-simulation-based-engineering
--------------------
COMSOL Multiphysics enables automotive engineersto accurately investigate design concept to production and fully benefit from the virtual prototyping capabilities that it offers.
Given how competitive the automotive industry is, building simulation apps for an entire team will allow designers to maketheir expertise easily available and free up resources to develop new concepts.
Simulation apps fuel the automotive industry that has been growing rapidly.

auto_engineering_blog
-------------------------
Right now the world's electric cars are -- with a few exceptions -- powered by lithium-ion batteries.
Lithium-ion has a lot of benefits over older battery chemistries like nickel metal-hydride, thanks to its more favorable charge and discharge rates and the fact that it's less likely to develop a "memory" if not consistently fully discharged before it's recharged.Lithium-ion batteries also have a few significant downsides, namely the damage to the environment that occurs when lithium and cobalt are mined and the cells' propensity for catching on fire and being very difficult to extinguish once they do.
The fluoride-based battery chemistry being developed by Honda, NASA and CalTech would alleviate many of these issues.

auto_tyres_summ
----------------
Automakers are generally required to attach pressure monitoring sensors to wheels that inform drivers if a tire falls below the intended pressure, and Schrader Electronics is currently the global market leader in tire pressure monitoring technology.
Christabel Evans, an engineer with the Schrader Electronics mechanical design team, has been using finite element analysis (FEA) and multiphysics simulation to build successful, efficient tire sensors for all kinds of vehicles.
The Hi-Speed Snap-In Tire Pressure Monitoring Sensor, shown in Figure 1, is a frequently-used product at Schrader that mounts directly on the wheel assembly and measures tire pressure even when the car is in motion.

auto_tyres_blog_summ
-----------------------
Fiat Chrysler got a head start on GM and others in pivoting to produce more trucks and SUVs, said Alan Baum, an independent auto analyst in West Bloomfield, Michigan.
This is completely in line with the long-term story that GM still has too many plants making cars.
First MoverFiat Chrysler was the first Detroit automaker to significantly cull its car lineup: It decided in 2016 to end production of the Dodge Dart and Chrysler 200 sedans.
While Fiat Chrysler has largely avoided criticism for its production in Mexico, GM.s expansion in the country has come under fire following its announcement last week.


auto_engines
----------------

Most of cars are equipped with a switch strategically placed on the steering helping the drivers to shift gears avoiding errors and adds precision transmission power.
Dual Clutch Automated Transmission: This type of transmission comprises two separate transmissions.
Both clutches shift back and forth between the transmissions within a fraction of second, allowing precision gear shift.
Continuously Variable Transmission: Abbreviated as CVT, used without any shifting points that completely eliminates shifting response delays.
 Drivers can shift into gear one by just stepping into gas pedal, the e-Clutch automates the clutch but not the transmission.

auto_engines_blog ---> https://www.forbes.com/sites/patrickmoorhead/2019/01/10/qualcomm-expands-presence-in-the-automotive-market-at-ces-2019/#40908ecd452b
--------------------

This week I’m attending CES 2019 in Las Vegas.
All eyes in the tech industry are on the annual show for all things consumer electronics, where everyone from startups to industry stalwarts showcase their latest and greatest technologies.
Qualcomm is on full throttle right now—last month it announced the new Snapdragon 855 mobile platform—the first to support multigigabit 5G (read my take here).
Qualcomm also announced a very unique chip for the Always Connected PC market, the Snapdragon 8cx.
(read my take here).
